hey I'm in the West Village I'm standing
outside Joe's pizza many people regard
this as the best New York Pizza around
unless of course you're a fan of Ray's
pizza or famous Ray's or original Ray's
or infamous Ray's pizza or a Ray Ray's
Pizza other than that it's got to be
Joe's so I'm gonna go inside and find
out what's their secret see if I can't
take it back to Los Angeles by the way
it's good to know that the bicycle I
left here three years ago is still doing
well
Thank You New York let's head inside
okay we're inside Joe's pizza and you
are so Sal and you are Joe Joe you were
the grandfather of the Godfather
so you know the secret of good pizza let
me show you what my problem is can I
tell my problem I have a few problems
first of all there's a rash but we won't
talk about that it's all at my back I
live in Los Angeles now used to live
here in New York love the pizza I go to
Los Angeles no pizza no pizza any better
no pizza I'm gonna show you some Los
Angeles pizza right now this has squash
blossoms eggs hazelnuts Oh crab this is
what you can get this down in Santa
Monica this is disgusting look at that
okay people love this you know what this
pizza cost in LA this is a $600 pizza
this is plant what give it a chance this
is clam and bacon see that oil right
there this is all vegetable and soy not
even real cheese soy and this you know
much this pizza goes for an LA this is a
$15,000 pizza yeah and you're supposed
to hang it on your wall you're supposed
to eat it now let's look at the real
pizza let's look at one of your slices
look at that nice and floppy but not too
floppy look deeply this is just the
right amount of flop and here's another
thing this texture back here and
everyone sees something different when
they look at the back of a slice do you
not I mean everyone sees
in shape I see my father yelling at me
what did they do this in Los Angeles
they can't do it they can do it they're
all on coke they're all coked up in LA
the ones on coke
they've all got giant breasts even the
men had giant breasts
that's why I can make the pizza okay
then we didn't talk about the pizzas on
me everybody and you're all welcome to
any free pizza here anytime you want I
haven't cleared this with Joe that's big
enough for you you want more you look
upset that looks that's that's a good
value you can this will last you a week
now you take that you go right to
Roosevelt Hospital we have your heart
check who's next who can I help
look at this oh now we're talking moon
hits your BB top ha some are a that's
amore
a beautiful voice moon a high-pitched I
like that what I wasn't high pitch that
with me going low
as a young boy in Killarney so many
years ago
Oh
[Music]
it's an Irish
you